### 1) Line 12 will output 3, because i is declared using var, thus its scope is the entire function. The for loop ends when i reaches 3 as that is the length of the inputed price array, thus i will be 3 when it is retrieved by line 12.
### 2) Line 13 will output 150, because discountedPrices is declared using var thus its scope is the entire function, and it can be reasigned. discountedPrices is last reassigned at the last iteration of the foor loop when we have 300 * 0.5 = 150. Thus we output 150. 
### 3) Line 14 will output 150, as finalPrice is declared using var its scope is the entire function, and then it is last reasigned in the last iteration of the for loop. Where line 8 multiples 150 by 100 rounds to the nearest int and divides by 100 thus finalPrice is reasigned to 150. 
### 4) The function will return a list of [50, 100,150] as those are the final prices recorded in each iteration of the foor loop that are added to the  discounted list which is a function variable as it is declared using var.  
### 5) Line 12 will result in an error, can't find the variable, because i was declared inside the for loop using let and thus its scope is only the for loop and line 12 attempts to get its value outside the for loop.
### 6) Line 13 will result in an error  can't find the variable, because discountedPrices was declared inside the for loop using let and thus its scope is only the for loop and line 13 attempts to get its value outside the for loop
### 7) Line 14 will retun 150, as even though finalPrice is declared using let; it is declared in the function block and thus is a functional variable. As line 14 is inisde the function it is able to access finalPrice
### 8) The function will return a list of [50 , 100, 150] as although discounted is declared using let, it is declared in the function block and is in the same scope as the return statement. 
### 9) Line 11 return an error because it is trying to access i which was declared inside the for loop using let and thus its scope is only inside the for loop and line 11 is outside the for loop.
### 10) Line 12 will return 3, because length is declared as a constant in the function block and thus is in the same scope as line 12. 
### 11) The function will return a list of [50, 100, 150] as although discounted is created using const, pushing an item to discounted doesnt actually reasign discounted, but merely modifies its value. Further the return line is in the same scope as the discounted variable. 
